In the audience tab, we don’t need to adjust
too many things.
The age should be changed to 16-49, and we
want to target people interested in “running”.
Since each city can have different weather
conditions and should have different ads active
based on that, we need one ad set per city.
However, we’re not going to build those
ad sets manually.
(It’s just five ad sets per country, but
already 50 for all ten countries and could
be hundreds for other setups.)
Instead, we’re enabling a key Automated
Ads feature called “Automated Targeting
based on Feed”.
And here, we want to target based on “Cities”
and select our city_targeting field from the
feed for this purpose.
You can see the preview value as “New York,
New York, United States”, which Facebook
will use for the ad set targeting.
(It might be another value if you filtered
down to another country.)
Now Smartly.io gives us a helpful warning
notice.
You're currently using the 'Fixed Ad Sets'
campaign structure.
We recommend switching to the 'Group Ads into
Ad Sets based on product category' campaign
structure and adding the field city_targeting
to grouping so that each targeting value is
assigned to its own ad set.
If the targeting field is not used in grouping,
each ad set will use all the targeting values
from the filtered products.
If this raises only more question marks for
you, we’d recommend checking out the linked
knowledgebase article called “Feed-based
targeting in Automated Ads”.
It explains the Automated Ads campaign structures
in detail.
If the concept is clear, we can address the
issue with just one click.
Now we can go back to the Campaign tab to
see what happened.
Our campaign structure was automatically switched
to “Group Ads into Ad Sets based on product
category,” and the field to group by was
set to “city_targeting”.
We now have ad sets for Chicago, Houston,
Los Angeles, New York, and Phoenix.
In total, we will create five ad sets.
That’s precisely what we want.
One more thing.
Now that we have this structure in place,
we can also set up our budget.
We can switch from Campaign budget to Ad Set
budget and now use “Value from Feed Field”.
Select the “daily_budget” column from
the drop-down menu, and we’re set.
Now each ad set will be created with the daily
budget as defined in the feed.
We’re done in this tab and can go back to
Audiences.
There’s one more issue highlighted in the
sidebar.
Got the following error(s):
Locations Can't Be Used - Some of your locations
overlap.
Try removing a location.
The issue here is that we’re currently targeting
the city of New York in the United States…
...and also the country of the United States.
Those locations overlap.
New York is part of the US.
Facebook doesn’t allow overlapping location
targeting.
We could target New York and the country of
Canada since there is no overlap.
But not a city and the country the city is
located in.
To fix this, we just need to remove “United
States” from the country targeting.
Note that you might not get this error at
all if your ad account default country is
different from the country you are targeting
in this campaign.
In any case, be sure that you don’t have
additional location targeting on top of the
feed-based targeting.
Now our audience estimate should be accurate;
for the New York example around 1.3 million
people.
That’s it for the targeting tab.